README
Greg McChesney
Cataloger Update 2008-2009

This update adds a user interface to Cataloger, and creates a framework for context management
in the SORCER environment.  The new user interface provides the ability to select the provider,
interface and method. The context is loaded directly from the provider using the methods defined
in the ContextManagement interface. Various options are available to modify the context including
adding a path, adding a data node, deleting a path and deleting a data node. Any node can be 
edited by double clicking on it. 


The Cataloger service can be built by running cataloger-prv-build.xml.
The Cataloger service can be started with bin/jeri-cataloger-run.xml.

Integrated Task Editor
The integrated task editor is available to every provider, to access it go to the About
section and click Task Editor. An exertion can be created by pressing the Service button. 

Button Descriptions
Here we describe what each button on the menu does:
Add Path - creates a new path node under the currently selected node (path cannot be added under a data node)
	Add Data Node - adds a data node under the currently selected path (only one per path, and cannot be added to a data node)
	Remove Item - removes the currently selected item
	Clear Context - clears the current context from view
	Load Other-loads a menu with all contexts currently stored for that interface
	Delete Context - loads a menu of contexts which can be deleted
	Save Context - Saves the current context loaded as the method name currently selected
	Save As - Allows for saving custom names
	Service - Creates an exertion, output is displayed as a tab.

Supported data types for nodes
The following data types are currently supported as data nodes:
	String
	Boolean
	Integer
	Double
	Float
	Groovy Expression - See the Using the ContextGroovyNode section of notes/Groovy.doc for 
			information on setting up the provider to process this type.
	URL - Same as Groovy type it needs to support the ContextNode type, follow the instructions 
			under the Groovy section.

Known issues currently being addressed:
	Service does not remove when disappears from the network
	List view not implemented
	Backup context not implemented

